Update Stack to have an `as` prop to specify the HTML element to rend… (#94)
WPMedia/arc-themes-components: src/components/stack/index.stories.mdx

the Stack component allows for alignment of the items in the layout
axis as well over-riding the default gap (also known by the term "gutter") size.

## as

The `Stack` will default to use the HTML `div` element for rendering. There will be times
where the `Stack` will be used for sectioning and the `div` element does not provide semantic
meaning, to avoid having to use additional markup to bring back semantics use the `as` prop to
render the `Stack` as a different HTML element. By using the `as` property you are then required
to ensure all the correct attributes for a given tag are still passed through.

**Note:** The `as` prop's primary use case if for sectioning. There is likely a component

> better suited for your needs. For example: `Link` component should be used for anchor's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
better suited for your needs. For example, the `Link` component should be used for anchors.
```
